Come back in this video we are going to clean up our code because what we have here is we have our window
which is a humane window and we then set the title but then we set our YOU window as the main window
which is pretty much our imported main window.
So the one that we've created here which creates Y which has the set up UI function which pretty much
defines the whole set up of the Y where you have the information about where things are positioned where
the UI elements are positioned than those kind of things.
And then after we have this main window we set up the UI window and then we show the UI window and so
forth so that we have pretty much a lot of loose code in here we don't have a cost which we execute
we just have very loose code now.
We can make this a lot cleaner.
So what we can do is we can pretty much say let's go ahead and create a main window class in that main
window class.
It's going to need a cute when it's not two main window.
So we're just going to say OK it's going to inherit from cumen window and that's pretty much what we
have here.
So we inherit from cumen we know what we can go ahead and do not just pass because now code wouldn't
do nothing and we don't have an error here.
But what I actually want to do in here I don't want to pass I don't want to have a constructor here
which will take care of initialization so it will pretty much take care of making my code or my UI look
as I want it to because I want for example to set the window title I want to set a collect functionality
here so I want to connect it with a toggle.
So pretty much what we have done in this line.
I want to set up the UI and all those kind of things.
So what I can do in here is I can just say super dot underscore underscore in it and here I need to
give it to the parent.
So now the parent is going to be empty at that point or it's not known.
So I need to create this parent in here and I will set it to none has a default value.
Now you might say what is this parent thing and why do we need that and so forth.
So if you remember how we created a UI just with Python without a huge creator we just said OK I have
this checkbox I have this window and if I don't put them together I have this button with the the button
example where the button and I have the window and if I don't tell the button that it's supposed to
be inside of the window it's just going to be a specific button floating somewhere on our screen.
So I needed to tell the BOTTEN who his parent was and his parent was the main window and that's pretty
much the same thing that we say here.
So we need to know who our parent is and in which we're what the main window pretty much is going to
be.
And now what we can do is we can set the title in here so instead of saying window that set window title
we can say self that said window title because the window is going to be cumen windows which pretty
much just the same thing right.
So what we now can do is we can just say instead of setting window to qued window widgets queue main
window you just say it's going to be an instance of main window.
Now in order to set the UI we need to actually set the why of self.
To you I underscore main window.
Why is that.
Well it's pretty much in order to get rid of this line here.
So we don't need to do this anymore.
We don't need to do the UI setup any more so we can just say taught you hide that set of UI.
So we just set up the Y in here.
And as you can see now it's expecting a window here and the window that we are passing here is going
to be self because the window itself that we're talking about is the one that we want to pass and we
want to use in general so I can get rid of those two lines now.
And now we only have this one line left where it says clicked connect.
So what I can pretty much do is I can just copy this code from here and say self that you I thought
my button clicked connect and here now it needs to know which button it's talking about.
So self-taught UI thought CB to toggle.
So it's pretty much replacing the code that we had before.
Now the only thing that we have is our very clean class and our main window that we just pass into the
window and then we show the window.
So that's everything we need to do now.
So now what we can do is we can extend our constructor here any time if we want to make any more dustman's
because we cannot do any adjustments in our main window.
Why we can change this UI main window class because if we change it in here then we get a problem because
as it says here warning all changes made in this file will be lost because any time that we change anything
in here and we run our cute creator we save something or change something there and save it and then
we run our build up to in order to compile the UI in order to change to get a main window UI and make
it our main window why file then on changes will be gone.
That's why we now can create our main window which will pretty much say okay I'm going to inherit from
Q main window.
I'm going to pretty much set the main window as my own UI.
And now I can adjust the UI I can call this setup y method I can go ahead and add to Khaliq functionality
and I can go ahead and pretty much do all of my things that I want to adjust and change my UI on my
UI without having to adjust my main window why.
So that's a pretty clean pattern that we have here.
So now we can pretty much make adjustments without having to interfere with cute creator and yet things
will be saved.
Things will be exactly as we want them.
And as you can see the only lines outside of this class is this what we have here is a window window.
Now snowless just run it and see if it's still working.
And as you can see we still get our push button with the check boxes and they still do what they are
supposed to do.
So you see what we had before wasn't working but it was not very extensible or at least was not extensible
in a clean way.
And now we have this very extensible class main window which we can adjust any time and we can even
add functionality in here.
So let's say we would like to add a function in here or a method which should do something we can do
that now because we have this clean class and we're going to check that out in the next video.
So see you there.